
Your application must track the following data for each customer:

Customer Id

First name

Last name

Email

Company

Phone

Address 1

Address 2

City

State

Postal code

Country


In this challenge, your grade will consist of a combination of general setup and format requirements and your actual code. Refer to the following criteria for more detailed information.

General Setup and Format Requirements: 15 pts
Your challenge is in a folder named M6-Challenge-Lastname-Firstname. 3 pts

Your code is clean and follows general patterns as presented in class. 3 pts

Your challenge must be built using Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, and Spring MVC. 3 pts

Initialize your challenge using start.spring.io using project options as demonstrated previously in class:
Project: Maven

Language: Java

Spring Boot: 2.7.7

Project Metadata:

Group: com.company

Artifact: customer-data-service

Setting the Artifact value will automatically update the values for Name and Package Name.

Packaging: Jar

Java: 8

Dependencies: Spring Web, Spring Data JPA
Connect to a MySQL database.
Your REST API must accept and return data in JSON format where appropriate. 3 pts

Your REST API must be documented using Swagger. 3 pts

Save the .yaml file in the root of your project directory.
Model: 10 pts
Customer model created
using appropriate Spring annotations
contains all necessary instance fields
implements Serializable
Repository: 25 pts
Implements the following functionality and includes tests:

Create a new customer record. 5 pts

Update an existing customer record. 5 pts

Delete an existing customer record. 5 pts

Find a customer record by id. 5 pts

Find customer records by state. 5 pts

Controller: 50 pts
Implements the following routes and includes tests using MockMVC and Insomnia:

A POST route that creates a new customer. 10 pts

A PUT route that updates an existing customer. 10 pts

A DELETE route that deletes an existing customer. 10 pts

A GET route that returns a specific customer by id. 10 pts

A GET route that returns all customers for a specific state. 10 pts